last hours after the Pittsburgh Steelers
won an unprecedented sex Super Bowl
there is controversy over the nature of
the festivities that followed the
American football ground for not final
often when we can now cross live to our
correspondent in Washington I learn mm
coughs key oh hello to you I'll honor
America is coming down from the high of
the Super Bowl final but there are some
lingering concerns about the nature of
the festivities that took place
afterwards to tell us about that yeah
well of course two of the main things on
the minds of Americans recently have
been the failing economy and on a
lighter note the Super Bowl this is a
huge American tradition now in its 43rd
year but it seems that Americans woke up
with a little more than just a hangover
from all the parties last night it seems
the bank of america who recently
received a 45 billion dollar bailout of
taxpayer money through a five-day bash
celebrating the big game with 10 million
dollars now there are a lot of drinks a
lot of liquor and all kinds of
excitement is offered people many even
described it as a carnival so you can
imagine that people are angry they're
losing their job they're losing their
homes and bank of america is throwing
around their money to throw carnivals so
this all comes very recently after
barack obama also decried this kind of
lavish spending by the banks will ensure
that ceos are not draining funds that
should be advancing our recovery and we
will insist on unprecedented
transparency rigorous oversight and
clear accountability so taxpayers know
how their money is being spent and
whether it is achieving results
interestingly enough mr. Obama through
his own super bowl party at the White
House yesterday meant to be a bipartisan
event so was President Obama just
ignoring the fact that Bank of America
had spent so much money or was he
unaware it's hard to say and it seems
that Americans aren't getting the
answers to these questions until all of
the money seems to be gone well thank
you for that Senator Mikulski artis
correspondent live